README.md, before:

# Lab 1 - *Name of App Here*

**Name of your app** is a photo browsing app using the [The Tumblr API](https://www.tumblr.com/docs/en/api/v2#posts).

Time spent: **X** hours spent in total

## User Stories

The following **required** user stories are complete:

- [ ] User can scroll through a feed of images returned from the Tumblr API (5pts)

The following **stretch** user stories are implemented:

- [ ] User sees an alert when there's a networking error (+1pt)
- [ ] While poster is being fetched, user see's a placeholder image (+1pt)
- [ ] User sees image transition for images coming from network, not when it is loaded from cache (+1pt)
- [ ] Customize the selection effect of the cell (+1pt)

The following **additional** user stories are implemented:

- [ ] List anything else that you can get done to improve the app functionality! (+1-3pts)

Please list two areas of the assignment you'd like to **discuss further with your peers** during the next class (examples include better ways to implement something, how to extend your app in certain ways, etc):

1.
2.

## Video Walkthrough

Here's a walkthrough of implemented user stories:

<img src='http://i.imgur.com/link/to/your/gif/file.gif' title='Video Walkthrough' width='' alt='Video Walkthrough' />

GIF created with [LiceCap](http://www.cockos.com/licecap/).

## Notes

Describe any challenges encountered while building the app.

## License

    Copyright [yyyy] [name of copyright owner]

    Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
    you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
    You may obtain a copy of the License at

        http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

    Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
    distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
    WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
    See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
    limitations under the License.

Commit message:

Updated README.md with gif and answers

README.md, after:

# Lab 1 - *Tumblr_Demo1*

Tumblr_Demo1 is a photo browsing app using the [The Tumblr API](https://www.tumblr.com/docs/en/api/v2#posts).

Time spent: 5 hours spent in total

## User Stories

The following **required** user stories are complete:

- [X] User can scroll through a feed of images returned from the Tumblr API (5pts)

The following **stretch** user stories are implemented:

- [ ] User sees an alert when there's a networking error (+1pt)
- [ ] While poster is being fetched, user see's a placeholder image (+1pt)
- [ ] User sees image transition for images coming from network, not when it is loaded from cache (+1pt)
- [ ] Customize the selection effect of the cell (+1pt)

The following **additional** user stories are implemented:

- [ ] List anything else that you can get done to improve the app functionality! (+1-3pts)

Please list two areas of the assignment you'd like to **discuss further with your peers** during the next class (examples include better ways to implement something, how to extend your app in certain ways, etc):

1. Maybe some description even though Tumblr is not like that.
2. More Images example. having pages.

## Video Walkthrough

Here's a walkthrough of implemented user stories:

![](https://i.imgur.com/BXM8587.gif)

GIF created with [LiceCap](http://www.cockos.com/licecap/).

## Notes

Describe any challenges encountered while building the app.

There were a few things that had to be written differently. Some code had to be fixed for some reason maybe with the more new updated.

## License

    Copyright [2018] [Allen Lozano]

    Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
    you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
    You may obtain a copy of the License at

        http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

    Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
    distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
    WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
    See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
    limitations under the License.
